Update the deprecation timelines. (#17780)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/updating/nim-migration/migration-to-new-installation-methods.md

However, we understand that migrating to a new setup, even if easy, requires planning and work allocation. We would rather not block anyone from receiving bug fixes and improvements due to a deprecated update path. Therefore, we will support all existing methods according to the timelines given below.

### Deprecation of the predefined builds

> Our provided predefined editor builds, like `ckeditor5-build-classic`, will be supported until **the end of Q1 (March), 2025**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our provided predefined editor builds, such as `ckeditor5-build-classic`, will be supported until **the end of Q1 (March), 2025**.
```

What we will sunset on this date:

> 1. The documentation for the predefined builds, superbuild will be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The documentation for the predefined builds and superbuild will be removed.
```
